OPAQUE is an sdPAKE (#448)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-opaque: draft-irtf-cfrg-opaque.md

need to consider allowing separate AKE and OPRF algorithms in cases where the HSM is
incompatible with the OPRF algorithm.

## Client Authentication Using Credentials

For scenarios in which the client has access to private state that can be persisted across
registration and login, the client can back up the `randomized_password` variable (as
computed in {{finalize-request}}) so that upon a future login attempt, the client can
authenticate to the server by using `randomized_password` instead of the original password,
and supplying an arbitrary password as input to `CreateCredentialRequest` in the login

> phase. This provides an advantage over the regular authentication flow for login

Reviewer: I suggest we add that we give all the details on how to do it, adding that the OPRF finish/output and stretching can be skipped in favor of directly using the randomized henceforth. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Good idea. I added a little bit more to the description to clarify how this would be done. Let me know what you think!

need to consider allowing separate AKE and OPRF algorithms in cases where the HSM is
incompatible with the OPRF algorithm.

## Client Authentication Using Credentials

For scenarios in which the client has access to private state that can be persisted across
registration and login, the client can back up the `randomized_password` variable (as
computed in {{finalize-request}}) so that upon a future login attempt, the client can
authenticate to the server using `randomized_password` instead of the original password.

> This can be achieved by supplying an arbitrary password as input to
> `CreateCredentialRequest` in the login phase, and then instantiating the `randomized_password`
> variable in `RecoverCredentials` (invoked by `GenerateKE3`) rather than computing it from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be achieved by supplying an arbitrary password as input to
`CreateCredentialRequest` in the login phase, and then using the `randomized_password` from
the backup in `RecoverCredentials` (invoked by `GenerateKE3`) rather than computing it from
```

Reviewer 2: (Updated)
